well howdy there people it's boullion so
today we're going to talk about Bezos
Amazon's pledge for 10 billion dollars
and the journeys the journey that comes
along with it so Bezos is putting out 10
billion dollars for a fund to help
combat climate change cool cool people
are already saying that it's a PR move
and it probably is on somewhat it
doesn't mean that he's not putting up 10
bill for though there are a lot of
people who are opposed to the idea of
addressing climate change for various
reasons but I want to point to the space
probe ok when we think of the space
program when we think of the space race
what do we think of Sputnik right now
the the Soviet satellite we think of
Neil Armstrong John Glenn Michael
Collins you know famous astronauts and
it culminates in the moonshot putting
his face craft on the moon that's what
we think of in the space race but what
about all the byproducts the stuff that
we don't realize is actually part of the
space race like your cordless vacuum
that was invented because of the space
race NASA needed batteries well that's
where it came from the CMOS sensor
that's in the camera this is filmed on
has its origins in the space race all
those cool prosthetics that exist today
their roots are in the robotics of the
space race those silly memory foam
mattresses space race the firefighting
equipment that has saved thousands of
lives
space race support comes from
every time humanity decides to do
something not because it is easy but
because it is hard it takes a giant leap
forward
even if you disagree with the ideas
behind climate change if you just refuse
to see what's happening understand that
the journey to combat it to reduce
carbon all of this stuff the
technologies that are going to come from
it are going to propel mankind forward
it's going to make humanity better it's
a challenge every great challenge
produces byproducts like that if you
don't want to do it to save the planet
do it in your own self-interest
understand without Sputnik there's no
cellphones not really not the way we
have them today
there's no satellite TV there's no
camera in your phone micro processors
all of this stuff was spurred along
because of the space race the battle
against climate change will do the same
thing byproducts are likely to include
cheaper energy cleaner energy may be
self-sufficient energy where you
wouldn't even have a bill that's just
one cleaner water which means a
healthier populace the fight is one that
needs to be undertaken even if you don't
agree if you think it's caused by
something else if you think it's just
all hogwash it doesn't matter the
journey the attempt will create things
that will make our lives better
there is no downside to attempting to
mitigate climate change there's not well
we're gonna spend a bunch of money yeah
yeah you are but the reality is that
climate change is already costing us
billions probably trillions so that'll
probably save money in the long run but
let's say you don't believe it
it's an investment it's an investment
it's venture capital that's put out
there to move humanity forward I don't
see the problem in it
this is one of those things where if we
do it there's no real downside and if we
don't there will be there will be even
if you don't believe it
there will be there was a set of
articles published and I think the
guardian excerpts from a book showing
best case and worst case I'll put them
down below
this is this generations this time
periods this is its space race this is
its World War two this is it's great
challenge the thing it has to overcome
to keep the species moving anyway it's
just a thought y'all have a good night